Improved documentation for Quantum Arithmetic (#6136)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/templates.rst

.. _intro_ref_temp_subroutines:

Arithmetic templates
-----------------

Quantum arithmetic templates to perform in-place and out-place modular operations such 
as addition, multiplication and exponentiation

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`PhaseAdder <../code/api/pennylane.PhaseAdder>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/phaseadder.png

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`Adder <../code/api/pennylane.Adder>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/adder.png

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`OutAdder <../code/api/pennylane.OutAdder>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/outadder.png

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`Multiplier <../code/api/pennylane.Multiplier>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/multiplier.png

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`OutMultiplier <../code/api/pennylane.OutMultiplier>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/outmultiplier.png

.. gallery-item::
    :description: :doc:`ModExp <../code/api/pennylane.ModExp>`
    :figure: _static/templates/arithmetic/modexp.png

> 

Reviewer: Let's add also the Integer Comparator

.. _intro_ref_temp_subroutines:

Arithmetic templates
--------------------

> Quantum arithmetic templates to perform in-place and out-place modular operations such 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Quantum arithmetic templates enable in-place and out-place modular operations such 
```
